README.md, before:

# Develop
Devlop is a maven based desktop assistive GUI application that is designed using MVC pattern and created using Swing and Hibernate Framework. It is platform-independent application that can exhibits discrete functionalities based on distinct inputs. </br>
</br>
-> Appearence </br>
It is a small translucent rectangular window that will be occupying a tiny portion of your screen. It will be always on top. So, it does not matter which application you are running Develop will always be there to assist you without interfering with your work.</br>
</br>
-> Functionalities </br>
1.) Giving the input ">eval" will transform Develop into a calculator.</br>
2.) Giving the input ">random" will transform Develop into a random selector.</br>
3.) Giving the input ">notebook" will create a window with a notebook.</br>
4.) Giving the input ">clock" will create a window with a clock.</br>
5.) Giving the input ">system" will create a window with your system specifications.</br>
6.) Giving the input ">tictactoe" will create a window with tictactoe game.</br>
7.) Giving the input ">stopwatch" will create a window with stopwatch.</br>
8.) Giving the input ">exit" will close the application itself.</br>
9.) Giving the input "<" will tranfom Develop into its initial state.</br>
Note: Database functionality is also provided where all the inputs will be saved into the database.</br>
</br>
-> Setting </br>
Setting class can be used to change the look and feel of Develop.</br>

Commit message:

UI improved. New functionalities added to the existing modes. Battery status window added

README.md, after:

# Develop
Devlop is a maven based desktop assistive GUI application that is designed using MVC pattern and created using Swing and Hibernate Framework. It is platform-independent application that can exhibits discrete functionalities based on distinct inputs. </br>
</br>
-> Appearence </br>
It is a small translucent rectangular window that will be occupying a tiny portion of your screen. It will be always on top. So, it does not matter which application you are running Develop will always be there to assist you without interfering with your work.</br>
</br>
-> Functionalities </br>
1.) Giving the input ">eval" will transform Develop into a calculator.</br>
2.) Giving the input ">random" will transform Develop into a random selector.</br>
3.) Giving the input ">notebook" will create a window with a notebook.</br>
4.) Giving the input ">clock" will create a window with a clock.</br>
5.) Giving the input ">system" will create a window with your system specifications.</br>
6.) Giving the input ">tictactoe" will create a window with tictactoe game.</br>
7.) Giving the input ">stopwatch" will create a window with stopwatch.</br>
8.) Giving the input ">battery" will create a window with battery status.</br>
9.) Giving the input ">exit" will close the application itself.</br>
10.) Giving the input "<" will tranfom Develop into its initial state.</br>
Note: Database functionality is also provided where all the inputs will be saved into the database.</br>
</br>
-> Setting </br>
Setting class can be used to change the look and feel of Develop.</br>
